yeah I am going to show you how to get
free XP and coins as you can see I've
already got my daily amount but I can
still get my coins hotel you get your
free XP and coins and sample all you
have to do is complete a friend with
season so if you complete a friend the
season em at the end of the season a few
join your friends party and you keep on
backing out every time you should begin
250 XP plus you should also be here in
50 coins so i will be showing you this
with my friend i will have to send them
an invite oh I won't have this end of my
Envy I will have to send him a message
and I will be with you in a minute
it should be soon I'm call back atlas
you can see I have got a lot of coins
the snow bush whole come in handy when I
start to level up
you've seen quite a room that's him
just join
as you can see i have got coins so far
back it and I get another Envy I shall
get coins again so what is evil see me
on the line wait
as you can see again I have got 50 coins
but as i sees i have used my daily XP so
if you do this well you have stubble
your daily XP you shall get 0 XP and
coins I'll show you a couple of other
times just to prove that says blood yet
what's going to check to see how much
I've still got left I've still got tough
to beat for them you see and I've still
got both the coins I can still get I can
stop get lots of coins i will show you
this one more time one more time just to
show you a slugger anybody can do as it
all i have to see it as you have to just
complete friendly season and again i
would like to have our massive sheltie
hey Tom can an ex who showed me how to
do this in and thank you again so please
subscribe and hope you like that right
bye